..  _wallet-setup:

Wallet Setup
======================================

You can check out the `video`_ for this section.

In order to test the OT node you have to setup your wallet and connect
to **Rinkeby Test Network** node. We are in the test phase, so no real
currency is involved.

Metamask
~~~~~~~~

The easiest way to do this is to install **MetaMask**. MetaMask is a
Chrome Extension that allows you to interact with the Ethereum network
without having to run a node on your system.

You can download MetaMask from `metamask.io`_.

Install the Chrome plugin. This adds a little fox icon to your extension
bar. Click on the icon and follow instructions to accept disclaimer and
terms & conditions.

When you click on the top left "Ethereum Main Net" button of the
MetaMask window you be able to select the node you want to connect to.
Please select **Rinkeby Test Network**.

Wallet
~~~~~~

Once **MetaMask** is connected, you will have to enter a new password to
encrypt your new MetaMask vault that will hold your keys generated by
MetaMask. You will get a new wallet address.

In order to copy your wallet address, click on three dots on top right
corner and select **Copy Address to clipboard**. You can use it further
to get some test Ether from the faucet.

To get a private key you can click on the same menu and select **Export
Private Key**.

Alternatively, if you need to create a new wallet and associate it to
MetaMask, you can go to https://www.myetherwallet.com/ and follow the
procedure. In the last step just select **Connect to Metamask**.

Get some funds on the wallet
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to test you will need some Ether on our wallet. Initially your
balance will be 0. To get some Ether to test go to
https://faucet.rinkeby.io/ and follow the instructions. Remember, test
network Ether does not have any exchange value, it's just for testing
and development purposes.

Once you get Ether on your account, you will be able to see new balance
in MetaMask.

.. _here: http://github.com/OriginTrail/ot-yimishiji-pilot/wiki/Usage

.. _video: https://youtu.be/1UaB8OG_lgw
.. _metamask.io: https://metamask.io/